It is becoming increasingly common for more and more parents are satisfying their children by allowing them to do anything or giving them everything they desired. The following paragraphs will first explain why the trend is occuring and will elaborate consuquences for these children when they grow up, before contending that it should be viewed as a largely negative effects on children. 
A significant driver is that people are making more money. Giving everything children desired cost money. Parents natrually love their children and they want to give them better childhood under affortable lifestyle. Once people can make more money from their jobs, the threshold of affordability rises. 
However, I don't think it benefits children while growing up. Because children don't have an complete mindset to identify what is the right thing to do and what products cost. If parents only give without teaching, which would probably make children feel easy to everything instead of hard working. There are clearly consequences about that. An clear illustration is that children would never know that parents work every hard to raising them and families. Additionally, while they grow up, they would be fragile to take the presure from adult life and make them hard to raise their future families. 
Therefore, it is safe to say that satisifying everything children want is disastrous. They will grow up wrongly believing that everything is easy to get, and there is not necessary to hard work. Consequences would be that children will be disappointed while they can't get what they want easily in future. 
