it is frequently argued that access to clean water is a basic human right, therefore every home should have a water supply that is provided free of charge. In my opinion, this assertation is largely unfounded, primarily because it costs money to provide clean water to everybody and, more importantly, it is unnecessary to provide water to everybody free of charge. 
The most compelling reason for disagreeing is that current society is running on top of basic economy principles. Every product should be marked with price, price is the most effeient way to adjust balance between supplies and needs, even for basic right, like water. This is because there are a lot of procedures between water source and drinking cup, like recycling, cleaning and transpotation of water. There are limited supplies of direct drinking water in natural. Such cases make it clear that if water is free of charge for whole society then who should pay for suppliers who are hard working to provide clean water? This example confirms that water supply shouldn't be provided free of charge. 
A second, equally important consideration is that government should take care of people who really needs water free of charge. Undoubtedly there are people who can't affort clean water under free market. On the one hand a nice practice would be that government can make water price under regulation so that it wouldn't go crazy to hurt poor people. On the other hand, government can provide subsidy to people who needs from tax money. 
In conclusion, although access to clean water is a basic human right and there are poor people who really needs water supply to be provided free of charge, I remain convinced that it shouldn't. Main reason I support is price should be decided by market under government regulation. 