It is frequent argued that parents should be trained between giving a birth due to the fact that children is most important thing for whole society and every family. In my opinion, this assertion is largely convincing, primarily because raising a child in health way for both mental and physical is way difficult than people expected, more importantly, for couples who are the first time to be parents there are a lot of knowledges and skills to understand. 
The most compelling reason for agreeing is that an infrant is fragile and weak in many aspects, especially in health and communication. This is because the body structure of infrant is totally different from adult. Common knowledge of infant health care that are boardly known by adults is not suitable for infant. There is an clear illustration that infant needs to be feed every 2 hours with 5-10 milligrams, which is because the size of infant's stomach is around 15 milligrams. Such knowledge is normally tought by doctor after giving an birth. 
A second, equally important consideration is mental health of children. Human will gain intelligence while growing up, not only learn knowledges from school, most importantly children need learn empathy, emotional stability and critical thinking from their parents. The way of their parents react during life will be learned and practice over and over again by their children. Admittedly, those who take the opposite view argue that human have been survived for thousands of years, there is no systematic training for childcare, nevertheless, we are living in modern society that we can improve our way of raising children.
To summarise, the arguements presented above leads me to agree that all mothers and fathers should be required to take childcare training courses, primarily because children are not capable of choosing, we should take the responsibilities as parents. 